docs: enhance contributors guide (#866)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: CONTRIBUTING.md

There are various ways to contribute to the Lifecycle Toolkit, and all contributions are highly valued.
Please, explore the options below to learn more about how you can contribute.

# Before you get started

## Code of Conduct

Please make sure to read and observe our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/keptn/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

> * **Create an issue**: If you have noticed a bug, want to contribute features, or simply ask a question that for whatever reason you do not want to ask in the [Keptn Slack workspace](https://slack.keptn.sh), please [search the issue tracker](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/issues?q=something) to see if someone else in the community has already created a ticket. If not, go ahead and [create an issue](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/issues/new).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Create an issue**: If you have noticed a bug, want to contribute features, or simply ask a question that for whatever reason you do not want to ask in the [Lifecycle Toolkit Channels in the CNCF Slack workspace](https://cloud-native.slack.com/channels/keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-dev), please [search the issue tracker](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/issues?q=something) to see if someone else in the community has already created a ticket. If not, go ahead and [create an issue](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/issues/new).
```

* **Start contributing**: We also have a list of [good first issues](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22). If you want to work on it, just post a comment on the issue.

* **Add yourself**: Add yourself to the [list of contributors](CONTRIBUTORS.md) along with your first pull request.

This document lays out how to get you started in contributing to Keptn Lifecycle Toolkit, so please read on.

## How to Start?

> If you are worried or don’t know where to start, check out our next section explaining what kind of help we could use and where can you get involved. You can reach out with questions to [keptn](https://slack.keptn.sh) on Slack.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are worried or don’t know where to start, check out our next section explaining what kind of help we could use and where you can get involved.
You can reach out with questions to [keptn](https://slack.keptn.sh) on Slack.
```

},
```

### GoLand / IntelliJ requirements

- Install either the **GoLand** or **IntelliJ**  Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for the Go programming language, plus the [Go Linter](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/12496-go-linter) plugin.

- The plugin can be installed via `Settings` >> `Plugins` >> `Marketplace`, search for `Go Linter` and install it.
Once installed, make sure that the plugin is using the `.golangci.yml` file from the root directory.

- The configuration of `Go Linter` can be found in the `Tools` section of the settings.

If you are on Windows you need to install **make** for the above process to complete.

( **NOTE**: when using the make command on Windows, you may receive an `unrecognized command` error for a command that is installed.
This usually indicates that `PATH` for the binary is not set correctly).

## Submit a Pull Request 🚀

At this point, you should switch back to the `master` branch in your repository, and make sure it is up to date with `master` branch of Keptn:

```bash
git remote add upstream https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit.git

> git checkout master

Author: git checkout main

At this point, you should switch back to the `main` branch in your repository, and make sure it is up to date with `main` branch of Keptn:

```bash
git remote add upstream https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit.git
git checkout main
git pull upstream main
```

Then update your feature branch from your local copy of `main` and push it:

```bash
git checkout feature/123/foo
git rebase main
git push --set-upstream origin feature/123/foo
```

**All PRs must include a commit message with a description of the changes made!**

### Commit Types

`Type` can be:

- `feat    `: A new feature
- `fix     `: A bug fix
- `build   `: Changes that affect the build system or external dependencies
- `chore   `: Other changes that don't modify source or test files
- `ci      `: Changes to our CI configuration files and scripts
- `docs    `: Documentation only changes
- `perf    `: A code change that improves performance
- `refactor`: A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature
- `revert  `: Reverts a previous commit
- `style   `: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code
- `test    `: Adding missing tests or correcting existing tests

## Auto signoff commit messages

> We have a DCO check that runs on every PR to verify that the commit has been signed off.

Reviewer 3: I would add also some info that you can sign your commits when you make them using the `-s` flag, e.g., `git commit -sm "my awesome contribution"`

Author: Oh, yes! I added the whole PR section now and commit instructions. I think now it's LGTM. @thisthat :)
